[receiver/gitlab] add tracing functionality (#39123)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/gitlabreceiver/README.md

For tracing, all configuration is set under the `webhook` key. The full set
of exposed configuration values can be found in [`config.go`](config.go).

## Tracing Limitations

### Deterministic Trace/SpanIDs and Manual Instrumentation

The GitLab receiver creates deterministic trace/spanIDs for pipelines by using an unique pipeline/jobID and the pipeline's `finished_at` timestamp. This approach ensures that the same pipeline execution always generates the same ID.

> **Limitation**: Manual instrumentation within GitLab pipeline jobs is currently not possible. Since the traceID generation requires the `finished_at` timestamp, which is only available once the pipeline has completed, it's not possible to generate the same traceID within running jobs to correlate manually instrumented spans with the automatically created pipeline spans. More details can be found [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/issues/1749#issuecomment-2772544215).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if there's any value in creating deterministic spans if they can't be used when instrumenting the underlying commands. Is there another unique to a pipeline run value like `finished_at` that could be used? 

If not, I wonder if it'd be better to not create deterministic spans at all and just mention that this receiver doesn't create deterministic spans due to x reason. Future work, may entail figuring out another way, etc. 

Thoughts?

Reviewer: So I had a conversation last CICD SIG call where in Argo workflows, deterministic ID's were being created by using the timestamp. 

This is something that is hard to do, as the location where the timestamp is coming from has to be consistent, however this could be a potential path forward. If we can use a combination of id, name, and timestamp (for created/started or something) then we can do determinism. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Looks like the the SemConv GitHub issue was linked instead of the GitLab issue you had opened.

For tracing, all configuration is set under the `webhook` key. The full set
of exposed configuration values can be found in [`config.go`](config.go).

## Tracing Limitations

### Deterministic Trace/SpanIDs and Manual Instrumentation

> The GitLab receiver creates deterministic trace/spanIDs for pipelines by using an unique pipeline/jobID and the pipeline's `finished_at` timestamp. This approach ensures that the same pipeline execution always generates the same ID.

Reviewer: nit: 

```suggestion
The GitLab receiver creates deterministic trace/span IDs for pipelines by using the pipeline/job ID and the pipeline's `finished_at` timestamp. This approach ensures that the same pipeline execution always generates the same ID. 
```
